Docs and config (#1390)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: docs/user-guide/index.md

- **Trouble-Shooting HELICS Co-Simulations (forthcoming)** - What to do when the co-simulations don't seem to be working correctly.
- [**Simultaneous co-simulations**](./simultaneous_cosimulations.md) - Options for running multiple independent co-simulations on a single system
- [**Connecting Multiple Core Types**](./multibroker.md) - What to do when one type of communication isn't sufficient.

> - [**N to 1 input connections**](./multiSourceInputs.md) - Handling multi publications in a single input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**N to 1 input connections**](./multiSourceInputs.md) - Handling multiple publications to a single input
```
